DM-40541: Implement ts_audio_broadcaster (#1)
lsst-ts/ts_audio_broadcaster: README.rst

ts_audio_broadcaster
####################

> ``ts_audio_broadcaster`` is is a component of LSST Telescope and Site software. It is used to generate web service that broadcasts audio from microphones installed on the observatory facilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ts_audio_broadcaster`` is a component of the Vera C. Rubin Telescope and Site software. It is used to generate web service that broadcasts audio from microphones installed on the observatory facilities.
```
You had a double is here and we are part of the Vera C. Rubin Telescope and Site software. I think some of the templates are still a little bit behind the times.

The service is implemented as a Tornado web server that uses websockets to broadcast audio data to clients. The audio data is captured from the microphone using the ``pyaudio`` library.

Configuration
-------------

The service is configured via the following environment variables;
All are optional except the few marked "(required)":

* ``WEBSERVER_PORT`` (required): port for the tornado web server; default=8888.

Development
-----------

To run the service locally, first install the dependencies::

>     pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: If you make the change to remove the requirements.txt and place the dependencies into the pyproject.toml. Please change this line to `pip install .`.

Then run the service::

    python -m ts_audio_broadcaster

This code uses ``pre-commit`` to maintain ``black`` formatting and ``flake8`` compliance. To enable this, run the following commands once (the first removes the previous pre-commit hook)::

    git config --unset-all core.hooksPath

>     pre-commit install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    generate_pre_commit_conf
```
We can run the generate_pre_commit_conf executable which will generate the pre-commit config and runs pre-commit install for us.
